.
[dramatic music]
- Run.
- Josh!
Mom!
♪
- This place doesn't seem real,
does it?
♪
- Mom!
- When we fell
through that sinkhole,
we ended up some time
around 10,000 B.C.
- We all have people
we want to get back to.
We're not gonna give up.
We're gonna find a way home.
♪
- I have these flashes.
Your Mom and Josh
are in the past.
- How is that possible?
- We're going down there,
Gavin,
and you're gonna
help us do it.
- Aldridge jumped!
- We need to stick together.
There's safety in numbers.
- [screams]
- I can't leave you here.
- Mom, no.
- Levi?
- Eve.
Gavin knows about us.
He asked me if I loved you.
I didn't have to say anything.
[roaring]
- That's a hunting trap.
- Somebody made that.
We're not alone.
- My grandfather told me
about you.
- The boy is
not who you think he is.
Isiah is Gavin
and he needs your help.
- There is a portal
and it leads to 1988.
You have to get him through it.
- I can't let you do this.
- Silas!
♪
- Josh?
- There's somewhere
I need to go.
- That's impossible.
- There's more you need to see.
- This might be our only chance
to get Mom and Josh back.
There's gonna be a sinkhole
in Seattle.
♪
[mammoth trumpets]
I think we made it.
Let's go find Mom and Josh.
[OneRepublic's "Sunshine"]
- ♪ A little bit of sunshine
- ♪ Crazy lately,
I'm confirmin' ♪
♪ Tryin' to write myself
a sermon ♪
♪ You just tryin'
to get a word in ♪
♪ Life is not fair
♪ I've been working
on my tunnel vision ♪
♪ Tryin' to get
a new prescription ♪
- Smile.
- ♪ Takin' swings and even
missin', but I don't care ♪
- [sighs]
A beautiful day, isn't it?
- I'd like it better
if it wasn't so hot.
I'm burning up.
- ♪ Ooh, ooh
♪ I'm makin' more
just a little bit ♪
♪ Spend a little more
- Can I go for a walk with Doc?
- Yes, but don't go too far.
- ♪ I've been runnin' through
this strange life ♪
- Come on, Doc.
[Doc barks]
- ♪ Chasin' all them
green lights ♪
- Come on, Doc.
- ♪ Throwin' off the shade
for a little bit of sunshine ♪
[Doc barking]
- What's going on, Doc?
Doc!
[Doc barking]
[rumbling]
Doc.
[rumbling intensifying]
[ominous music]
[rock breaking and rumbling]
[metal creaking]
♪
[distant screaming]
- Carly.
[all screaming]
♪
- Carly, move!
- [screams]
♪
- Carly, no!
- Carly, Carly.
Carly!
- Oh, baby! Are you hurt?
- You okay?
- I'm fine. Where's Doc?
[Doc barking]
[both chuckle]
- Oh, my God, oh, my God.
[dramatic music]
♪
[camera shutter clicks]
.
[dramatic music]
♪
- Morning.
- Hey.
- Any progress last night?
- No.
Silas still isn't talking.
- He will.
- It's been 24 hours.
If he was gonna talk,
he would've talked.
- Well, he has to.
Aldridge said Silas, he helped
create these sinkholes.
If anyone knows how to get Josh
and Riley back from 1988,
it's him.
- Yeah.
Well, Marybeth and Lucas,
any word on them?
- No.
No one's been able
to find them.
With Marybeth's injuries,
I'm getting really concerned.
- Yeah, and then there's
Aldridge and there's Scott,
and Veronica--
they're all missing.
So it's just--at least when
Josh was here, I had somebody.
Now I'm all alone.
- You're not alone, Eve.
I happen to be
excellent company.
- [laughs]
Yes. Yes, you are.
- Look, you have faced
so much adversity before.
Everything you went through
with Gavin,
Izzy's accident,
you got through that.
We will get through this.
[soft dramatic music]
- [softly] Yeah.
♪
- You don't look so good,
Silas.
- Let me guess.
Your joints are starting to
hurt, you can't think straight.
Probably have a headache too.
- That's what happens when you
don't drink water for 24 hours.
- Why was it so important
to keep Isiah here?
You don't want to tell us
what's really going on. Fine.
But you will tell me
how to get my daughter back.
[ominous music]
- Take a sip.
- And then you're going
to start talking.
♪
- Sam, hey!
- I'm not thirsty.
♪
- We have to find
another tactic,
'cause that one's not working.
- He'll break.
- At some point,
we have to be humane.
He's our only hope of getting
Josh and Riley back.
We cannot let him die.
What's going on, Sam?
- I'm fine, Levi.
♪
- Look, I don't pretend to know
what you're going through.
I just don't want you doing
something you're gonna regret.
- The only thing I'll regret
is if I don't
do everything in my power
to bring Riley back.
- I'm not saying we give up,
but she's a hell
of a lot safer back in 1988.
- I still plan on finding a way
home to where we belong,
and I'm not doing that
without my daughter.
- Hey, what's going on?
- Silas is stubborn,
but eventually, he'll talk.
- I'm just afraid we're gonna
run out of time before he does.
Paara convinced her people
to allow us to question Silas,
but they're expecting him back.
They're gonna be here
this afternoon.
- They're just gonna
have to wait.
- I don't know how patient
they're gonna be.
Look, Silas lied about
his identity.
People are dead
because of his actions.
They want to
hold him accountable.
- That's not my problem.
- Actually,
it's all our problem.
Paara's people are supposed to
bring us food today.
I don't think we want
to make enemies
of the people
who are trying to help.
- We need to survive here
on a long-term basis, Sam.
The best way to do that
is with help from Paara
and her village.
- Then you talk to her, Ty.
Tell her we need an extension.
She's a good person.
She'll listen to you.
♪
- I can try.
- Do whatever you want.
Silas isn't going anywhere
until he talks.
- Sam.
♪
We're gonna get Silas to talk.
- I don't care
what we have to do, Levi.
I just want my family back.
[bird screeching]
♪
- I really hate this place.
- I'm sorry.
I shouldn't
have brought you here.
- You didn't.
It was my choice to jump.
I want to get to Mom and Josh
just as much as you.
- I know you do.
- Look, the deal was
when we landed in Seattle,
we said we'd walk
20 miles a day.
Okay, we're never gonna
get to LA at this rate.
[soft dramatic music]
Have you had a vision of them?
Mom and Josh?
- No.
We've been here a while
and I haven't had one
the whole time.
- Why not?
- I think the visions
were memories
from my childhood
when I was Isiah.
Once I went through the light
they stopped,
'cause I'm not a kid
down here anymore.
- What about you, Ella?
- Same.
Everything I saw
was from I was Lilly.
The last vision was
right before we came down here.
My sister, Veronica,
was in trouble.
Now, I can't
even see her anymore.
I have no idea if she's okay.
[branches breaking]
- What's that?
[birds cawing]
[suspenseful music]
♪
I need a break.
- We just took a break.
♪
- Maybe we'd have a better
chance to make it
if we'd been prepared.
We don't have food, supplies.
We don't even have a compass.
- Yeah, well,
no one asked you to come.
- Hey, easy. Okay?
I know we're on edge.
We're not gonna make it
unless we work together, okay?
- We're not gonna make it
if we starve either.
- Yeah, good point.
Okay, wait here.
- Where are you going?
- I'm gonna get us some lunch.
[insects droning]
♪
[snorting]
[pig squealing]
[dramatic music]
[exhales deeply]
[growling and heavy footfalls]
♪
[woolly rhino roars]
[woolly rhino breathing]
Okay.
Easy.
I'm just--
we're all friends.
Easy.
[woolly rhino growling]
Okay.
♪
[woolly rhino snorting]
[roars]
♪
.
[dramatic music]
♪
- You okay?
- I think so.
♪
- Where are Lilly and Isiah?
- I have no idea.
♪
Are we in 1988?
- I mean, we went
into that light,
so I guess we should be.
[ominous music]
♪
[Tennessee Ernie Ford playing
on truck radio]
- ♪ I load 16 tons,
what do I get? ♪
♪
- It's more like
the '50s to me.
[distant upbeat music playing]
[car horn honks]
[Billy Ocean's "Get Outta
My Dreams, Get Into My Car"]
- ♪ Get out of my dreams,
baby ♪
♪ Get into my car
[soft dramatic music]
- This is definitely 1988.
- [chuckles]
[tape clatters on pavement]
[dramatic synthesized music]
♪
- There they are.
We have to stop them.
- No, wait. Riley, stop!
Wait, they're gonna be okay.
- How do you know that?
- Because I'mokay.
Isiah gets adopted.
He's gonna grow up
and meet my mom
and they're gonna have
me and Izzy.
We can't get in the way.
♪
- Okay, and what about Lilly?
- She said
she had to find Isiah,
so this must be her path too.
♪
- What about us?
How am I gonna
get back to my dad?
How are you gonna
get back to your mom?
The La Brea sinkhole's
not gonna open
for another 30 years.
♪
Josh, I think we're stuck here.
- Look who's finally awake.
How you feeling?
- Much better this morning,
actually.
- Oh, yeah?
Because for someone who
was just stabbed recently,
I'd say you're doing very well.
- I suppose I'm a quick healer.
- Why did Silas stab you?
- I told you.
He didn't want me to
take Isiah through the light.
- It is like you are allergic
to telling the truth.
We've been here for 24 hours,
camped outside a futuristic
building that you built.
You've been
promising me answers,
but all I've got
are more questions.
- Well, you should be happy
because I finally have
the strength I'll need
to make it to the building.
- Great. Fantastic.
Let's go.
- Scott, hang on.
There are some things
I need to tell you first.
- Yeah, I bet.
- The people in that building
want me dead.
If I step inside,
they'll kill me.
And by extension, you.
- You should've
told me that before.
- Then you wouldn't have
stuck around for so long.
- Yeah, you're damn right.
- Scott, if we don't make it
into that building soon,
very bad things
are gonna happen.
Everyone you care about
where you're from,
all of your friends
down here in the clearing,
they will die unless
I get inside that building.
[ominous music]
- Prove it.
- Isn't the fact that
I've shown you a building
in 10,000 B.C. proof enough?
♪
- That's a fair point.
- If you want to save
the people you love
then you'll help me.
- You know, I really dislike
you sometimes, Aldridge.
But, yeah. I'm in.
♪
- On your feet.
- [groans]
- Move.
I'm giving you one
last chance.
[handgun slide click-clacks]
- Sam, put the gun down!
- Tell me how
to bring my daughter back.
- This isn't who you are.
- Sam.
♪
- Truth is I can't
bring your daughter back.
But there's someone who can.
Rebecca Aldridge.
- Aldridge is missing.
- I can help you find her.
There's a place in the woods.
Day's journey due north.
- What kind of place?
We need details.
- Building
made of glass and steel.
It's 30 stories high.
You won't miss it.
I have to warn you,
there are dangers there
you will not be prepared for.
- A building of glass and steel
in 10,000 B.C.?
You're serious?
- Turn around.
♪
- I am.
Your only chance to save your
children is to find Rebecca.
That glass building
is where she's headed.
[dramatic music]
♪
- Okay, that was a lot.
- Yeah.
- What are we thinking?
- I'm gonna go find Aldridge
and that building.
- I'm going with you.
- You can't be serious.
Silas we lying.
- You don't know that.
- You just pulled a gun on a
man and threatened to kill him.
You think that's how you get
people to tell the truth?
- All I know is
we have a lead now.
We need to check it out.
- Has it occurred to anyone
that this is
Silas' plan of escape?
Get us all on some fool's
errand while he buggers off?
♪
- Then we--
we keep him locked up.
I'll stay with him.
Levi, you two go verify
what he said.
I'll make sure he doesn't leave
the truck until you get back.
Good luck and hurry back.
♪
- We shouldn't leave
Sam alone with Silas.
He's not okay.
- I'll watch him.
Be safe out there, okay?
- Thank you.
Ready?
♪
.
- [softly] Okay.
[insects droning]
Eat as much as you can.
We should get moving soon.
- Mm.
I'm gonna go get some water.
I'll be right back.
- Listen,
I'm sorry about before.
I shouldn't have snapped
at you guys.
- Don't worry about it.
You got a lot on your mind.
- I made a huge mistake
coming down here.
- Why did you come down here?
- When I as a little girl,
I was kidnapped.
So was Veronica.
[soft dramatic music]
And the only reason
I got through it
was because of Veronica.
- Well, sounds like you were
lucky to have her.
- She looked out for me,
protected me.
We're not related,
but she basically
became my sister.
So when I saw that vision
of her in danger,
I wanted to get
down here to help,
but now, I can't see her.
Look, I don't know
how I'm going to find her.
For all I know, she's dead
and coming here was a waste.
♪
Oh, God, I'm--I'm so scared.
And I don't know if I'm strong
enough to make it down here.
- Okay.
♪
Remember--
remember when I met you
when we were kids?
When you were called Lilly?
And I came in at the clearing
and I hurt my wrist
and you help bandage me up?
♪
You were so sure of yourself.
You were so brave.
Deep down, that's who you are.
You just need to remember that.
♪
- That's nice of you to say...
but I'm not that kid anymore.
♪
[snap]
- [groans]
[ominous music]
♪
[groans]
Oh, God.
[approaching footsteps]
- Hey.
- We're ready to go.
Everything all right?
- Yeah. Yeah, I'm good.
- Okay.
♪
All right, let's go.
[indistinct chatter]
- Sam.
Some water?
- Thanks.
- It's funny.
We've only known each other
a short time,
but feels like we've been
friends for years.
You want to tell me
what's going on?
- If this is about the gun--
- Someone could've gotten hurt.
- Ty, I was a Navy SEAL
for years.
I know what I'm doing.
- And I spent years
as a psychiatrist.
I know what I'm doing...
- Okay.
- And I can see it
in your eyes.
There's something deeper
going on.
To be honest, I noticed it
before Riley disappeared.
Talk to me.
- I appreciate your concern,
Ty, I do.
But like I said, I'm good.
[approaching footsteps]
- It's Paara.
Everyone, they're here.
Paara and her people have
brought us food.
It is so good to see you.
- Hello, Ty.
- Thank you so much
for all of this.
All of you, thank you.
We can't thank you enough.
- Thank you so much.
- How are you feeling?
- Well, there are good days
and bad.
Now, today is a great one.
- [chuckles]
I wish I could stay longer,
but my people are anxious
for us to return with Silas.
♪
Something wrong?
- We still need Silas.
Sam is determined to keep him
until he gets
his daughter back.
We just need
a little more time.
Silas gave us a clue about
where Aldridge might be.
Eve and Levi went to find her.
If they do,
Sam will give Silas back
and everyone will be satisfied.
- And if they don't?
♪
- I will deliver Silas to you
myself.
Please.
Trust me.
- You know that I do.
- Thank you.
♪
[birds singing]
- You know, we don't have to
walk in silence the whole way.
- Sorry. I'm just thinking.
- You're worried about Josh.
I am too.
But he's not alone.
And neither are you.
You still have me.
Hey, I left you once before.
I won't ever do that again.
[lighter clicks]
Lucas.
- Eve. Levi.
[soft dramatic music]
♪
She didn't make it.
- You know,
whatever you're looking for,
it wasn't back there
the last time you checked.
What's going on?
- Nothing.
I'm just keeping an eye out.
- Gavin,
you're hiding something.
You don't know me very well,
but I'm pretty observant.
[distant roar]
- Okay, hey. When I was
hunting that pig earlier,
I came across something.
I didn't want to say it,
I think it's a woolly rhino.
- A what?
- A woolly rhino?
[ominous music]
- You think
that rhino's following us.
- Yes.
We're being hunted.
♪
Come on.
.
- Mom got stabbed.
[soft dramatic music]
We tried to get to the light,
but she just lost
too much blood.
♪
I mean, I tried
to get her there, but--
- Hey, it's all right.
It's okay.
♪
- [sniffles]
- You've been here since then?
- I had to dig
a hole deep enough
so the animals
wouldn't get to her.
♪
I just wanted to stay near her.
- Please let me go!
- Keep moving!
[tense music]
- Come on.
♪
- Where are you taking me?
- Come on!
- [groans] Stop!
No!
- Jesus, that's Veronica.
- Who the hell
are these people?
- Look at those machetes.
I don't think they had steel
in 10,000 B.C.
- Please let me go!
[groans]
- We can't leave her with them.
- I agree.
But we don't want to lose
our chance at getting Aldridge.
- We better get Veronica fast.
- I know we're starving
and lost in time,
but there are
a few bright sides.
- I'm listening.
- No saber tooths.
No wolves that might kill us.
No Fort People chasing us
around all the time.
I mean, eventually, we might
even find a McDonald's.
- Ooh, a burger does sound
really good actually.
- Right?
- [exhales deeply]
- Check it out.
- A house.
They might be able to help us.
- Yeah.
[dramatic synthesized music]
♪
Hello?
- Hello?
- Is anyone home?
♪
You know what my parents
used to tell me?
Back in the day, no one
used to lock their doors.
- I guess they were wrong.
♪
- Wow.
People were way too trusting.
- Oh, my God. Food.
♪
- Cold pizza.
- Oh.
♪
- Mm.
Let's be quick.
Grab as much as we can.
Get out of here
before they come back.
- This is amazing.
[phone ringing]
[answering machine beeps]
[tape clicks]
- Hi. It's Isley and Kieran.
We're in Catalina
for the week,
so leave a message and we'll
call you when we get back.
Bye.
[answering machine beeps]
- You thinking
what I'm thinking?
- That's a huge
answering machine?
- No, did you hear
what they said?
They won't be back for a week.
- We don't have to go anywhere.
[laughs]
Oh, my God.
- Come on.
Keep moving.
- Where are you taking me?
I haven't done anything.
- Stop dragging.
- Please.
Please just let me go.
I can't--
[groans]
- We have to do something.
- I know,
but we're outnumbered.
It's too risky.
♪
- [groans]
- Get up!
- That's it.
- Lucas, what are you doing?
- What's it look like?
- No.
- Come on.
We're running late.
♪
- Chris.
- Get over there.
- Go down.
♪
- One of us should go back to
the clearing and ask for help.
The other two can stay here
and keep eyes on Veronica.
♪
- You want to stay here,
be my guest,
but I'm not losing anyone else.
- Lucas!
♪
.
- Line 'em up over there.
Get 'em ready.
[tense music]
♪
All right, come on.
You two up.
♪
- [mouthing words]
- Excuse me.
Can I have some water, please?
- Shut up.
- Please. I'm really thirsty.
♪
- Hey!
- Are you okay to walk?
- I think so.
- Okay, get to the woods.
- Come on.
- I'll get the key.
♪
- Hey!
[groans]
- Got it.
♪
- After them!
- Veronica.
I got the key.
- Oh, thank you.
- Go, find them!
Where are they?
♪
- This way.
- [groans]
I need to stop.
- Oh, no.
♪
Go, go, go.
I got him.
- Hey, hey. You can do this.
Come on.
- Okay.
[groans]
♪
- Eve, what are you doing?
- I'm not leaving you.
- I promise you, I'll catch up.
Go.
- Be careful.
♪
- Go back to where you came
from and nobody gets hurt.
♪
- Hey.
- [screams]
♪
- Well, Mr. Ginsburg,
I guess it's just you and me.
What do you want to do? Sing?
[laughter]
Play charades?
- Oh, God.
- This is literally the best
thing I've ever seen.
I mean, why aren't
there more shows like this?
- Why aren't there more shows
about talking puppets
that are supposed to be aliens?
- [laughs]
- Yeah, I don't know.
- I mean, come on.
The puppet has its own puppet.
It's genius.
- Genius?
You think that's genius?
- I mean,
all things considered,
it sure as hell beats
sitting in the clearing
eating mushrooms.
[laugh track laughter on TV]
[soft dramatic music]
What?
♪
- Yeah.
Yeah, I guess.
♪
- Really?
- At least there,
we had our family.
We had hope that
we might one day make it home.
- Hey, we'll figure it out.
- And I--I don't want
to pretend like
everything's gonna be okay
because we don't know that.
♪
- You're right.
Things aren't exactly perfect.
But--
I don't know.
There's a million reasons
to be freaking out right now.
- [scoffs]
- And for some reason,
being here with you, I'm not.
- Josh.
- What?
Are you gonna pretend like
you don't care about me too?
- I don't know how I'm feeling.
We were thrown into
the craziest situation.
That doesn't make us a couple.
And it doesn't make me
any less scared.
♪
- Okay, so what do you
want to do?
♪
- Maybe we should just
get out of here
and then figure it out.
- Great. Yeah.
I'll go see
if I can find some cash.
♪
[distant roar]
- It's still out there.
- We just have
to keep moving, okay?
Just stay ahead of it.
[rustling]
Shh.
[footsteps]
Get behind me, get behind me.
♪
[roaring]
[raspy panting]
[baby rhino grunting]
[soft dramatic music]
[baby rhino roars]
♪
- It's so cute.
[baby rhino snorting]
♪
- Iz.
- Shh.
It's okay.
It's all right.
Shh.
♪
I think it wants to be friends.
[chuckles]
- It's amazing.
♪
- Let's go.
- Oh, no.
[ominous music]
- We should hide.
- We're too exposed.
There's nowhere to go.
And that rhino's coming for us.
- So what do we do?
- We have to cross that field.
- If we cross the field,
they'll see us.
Then we're sitting ducks.
- Actually,
I don't think they can see us.
So woolly rhinos
are practically blind.
They use sound to guide them.
I can draw their attention
away from us,
buy us enough time
to get across the field.
Go.
♪
[woolly rhino snorts]
[snaps]
- [screams]
[groaning]
My leg!
♪
[indistinct chatter]
- Shh, shh.
♪
[woolly rhino snarling]
- Dad!
♪
[woolly rhino snorts]
- We need to move.
- It's my leg.
I can't run.
.
[dramatic music]
♪
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
[woolly rhino roaring]
Get down!
Stay down.
♪
[woolly rhinos roaring]
See?
Let's go.
- Let's get out of here!
- Come on!
- I'm trying.
♪
- Are you stealing money
from some kid's piggy bank?
- It's not like
they take Venmo here.
♪
Besides, I'm leaving behind
a pretty good present.
- Buy Apple stock. Nice.
- Right?
♪
All right, I think we're gonna
get, like, 100 bucks
out of this.
It doesn't sound like much,
but it's 1988.
I'm pretty sure
everything's cheaper here.
All right.
Want to get out of here?
- Hang on a second, Josh.
- It's cool.
No need for a talk.
- I'm sorry, okay?
It's just this
whole thing feels like
this really bad nightmare
that I can't wake up from.
And I'm afraid that when I do,
the newspapers are
still gonna say 1988.
- Oh, you got to be kidding me.
- What?
♪
I don't understand.
A sinkhole never opened up
at the Hollywood sign in 1988.
- No, it didn't.
- So why is now?
- I don't know,
but if this sinkhole's anything
like the one in La Brea,
we may have found
our back to 10,000 B.C.
♪
[distant wailing]
- Where the hell are they?
- I don't know.
We should go back
and find them.
- No.
No, we stay right here.
They'll find us.
[branch snaps]
♪
- What happened?
- I took care of him.
We're good.
Where's Eve?
- What do you mean,
"Where's Eve?"
She was with you.
♪
- Pull!
- Hyah!
♪
- We're here.
- What do you mean?
But the building's
all the way over there.
- Allow me.
♪
[mechanical clanking]
[water gurgling]
♪
- I did not see that coming.
- This is our way
into the building.
♪
- In Dagobah,
Luke went into a cave
and came face-to-face
with Vader.
It was super terrifying.
Is this gonna be like that?
- Probably.
♪
- Okay.
- Yeah.
- We're nearly there.
- Thank God!
Are you guys okay?
- Ty, help!
- Give 'em a hand!
- What happened?
- Grab her leg.
- It's fine. We're fine.
- Be careful, be careful.
- We're fine.
- Easy, easy.
♪
- Where's Eve and Levi?
- Eve was taken.
- By who?
- I--I don't know.
I don't know who they were.
♪
You all right?
- Yeah.
- What about Levi?
♪
- Whoa.
Halt!
Hold up!
- Get in there!
- Levi.
♪
- Hey.
You all right?
- I thought you got away.
- I did.
I came back,
gave myself up.
- Why?
- Told you
I wasn't leaving you.
♪
- This should help
for the moment.
[birds singing]
[soft dramatic music]
How does that feel?
- Better.
- Yeah. Do you think you can
walk on your own?
- Yeah.
♪
Dad.
- Is that the Hollywood sign?
- No, it can't be.
- [scoffs]
♪
- No, no, no.
It's not possible.
We jumped through
a sinkhole in Seattle.
It's nowhere near Los Angeles.
- Oh, my God.
♪
- I've seen that building
back home.
- I can't believe it.
That sinkhole brought us to LA.
[chuckles]
- [chuckles]
- Come on.
[dramatic music]
♪